- Hi, I’m Jeff Bellucci, it's a pleasure to meet you.
- In my career as an engineer, I've primarily worked as a full-stack engineer mostly with Ruby on Rails, as well as a variety of Javascript front-ends (for example: plain Javascript, Jquery, Backbone.js, React.js, and Turbo/Stimulus.js, etc.).  Generally speaking, I have focused more on backend development since vack-end frameworks appear to have more staying power than JS front-end libraries/framewors.  Over the course of my roughly 10 year career in web develoment, I have seen the popularity of various front-end patterns wax and wane, so I do my best to focus on making sure I maintain solid Javascript fundamentals, since you never know when the industry will decide a front-pattern is obscelescent.
- I have worked on a number Rails SAAS platforms (including those requring HIPAA compliance), Rails APIs, browser extensions, as well as some mobile development. Unfortunately, the vast majority of the code I have written in my professional career is in private repositories and/or under NDA, so much of what you will find here are old toy projects.
- If you would like to see something I am actively developing, please check out my [Bart-Live](https://bart-live.herokuapp.com) app.  Check out the repo [here](https://github.com/DoubleKick-Creations/bart-live-2).  It is an app idea that I built to save myself time for commuting in the Bay Area. I'd eventually like to port it for the Apple and Android stores in addition to the web.  It may be slow to appear first time, since it is running on a less expensive Heroku ECO dyno, so give it 20-30 seconds for first load. Once the dyno is spun up, everything should run normally.  I deploy new features and updates here and there when I have time, so make sure check on it once in awhile, if you are curious. 
- Please keep me in mind for management, staff, senior/lead full-stack or back-end Rails opportunities.
- Feel free to contact me at jeffmbellucci@gmail.com.
<!---
jeffmbellucci/jeffmbellucci is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
